Copyright (C)  2022 Abel Granados



Controls:

ALT + i Start mining, first define the areas
ALT + d Stop the script
ALT + a Define an area
ALT + p Pause
ALT + r Reset areas
ALT + c Close the script
Alt + v Shows/Hide the position of the inventory

Instructions:

the RuneLite window must be full screen and the client must be configured in modern-layout or the inventory will be dislocated causing click impressions, use ALT + v to verify. This script only works with RuneLite, it has not been tested on other clients. It has not been tested on systems prior to windows7 or versions of linux.

To start, you must define an area containing a rock with iron, cooper or clay. To define a rock follow these steps:

Step 1 - Find the rock you want to mine and place the mouse pointer on one of its corners, then press Control + a, this will take the first corner of the area.

Step 2 - Press Control + a when you have the mouse pointer over the second corner of the area you want to define.

An area is built with two points that form a square, that's all.
 
If you define a very large area, for example containing a rock and empty ground, it is likely to be "MissClicked", to avoid this make sure you create areas that are the size of rocks or smaller. You can create small areas inside a rock. This increases accuracy, but reduces the chances of correctly detecting a mineral. One benefit of doing this is to avoid areas where an object can overlap, for example pickaxes or other players.

The script is designed to mine from one to three rocks and only if the character does not move from the square where he is. Avoid creating areas that are too far apart or the character could get out of place and require repositioning.

The script uses the last cell of the inventory to know if it is full, so it will not work well if you have any items in that cell (the cell below and to the right).

The first cell of the inventory is to have a picaxe, that's why the minerals are thrown from cell 2 to the last one.

If you see something weird and you want me to fix it, you can send the errors and suggestions to gmail or discord, the links are below

Warnings:

Careless use can cause a temporary or permanent ban. Use at your own risk and discretion.

Recommendations to avoid a ban:

Use it on short days of between 1 to 2 hours a day or even weekly. I have not tried constant use, because honestly there is no point.

Avoid being reported while mining. I recommend mining in empty areas, there are a lot of places where nobody mines.

Avoid predictive behavior. Example, use the program every day at the same time without doing anything but mining. That other players do not realize that you are doing things repetitively to avoid being reported.


With the software you have the advantage of only having to do a few clicks, but don't leave the program unattended, that's not the point. You need to correct the behavior of the program often.

Finally remember that following these rules does not guarantee that you will not be banned. Jagex is always improving its anti-bot systems, how could it be so easy? However I used this program to create 4 accounts with 70 mining in a month effectively. It is also true that I got banned with almost 50 mining in just two days! LOL

Do you have money to spare?

I know not, but this software has required a lot of work and you can help me improve it, for less than the cost of a coffee. Make a donation now!